# Data-Acquisition-Project-Liam-Butler-C22306471
When trying to figure out what I wanted to do this project on I started thinking of what interests I have to help make this project fun rather than boring and repetetive. I had a few ideas such as sport, movies, history however these ideas were either being done by someone else or simply wouldnt work for this type of project. Then I remembered I love to read and I knew my piers likely wouldnt think to do their project on books so I opted to search on kaggle for book datasets.
The dataset I found was one on booksales from Amazon. This dataset was large around 2600 rows so was more than enough that was needed. It contained alot of clutter but I decided to focus on the book title and Author to try and merge.
Finding something to web scrape was difficult as not every site contains tables. I thankfully with the help of AI I'll admit found a site called Goodreads where I found a tab containing the best rated books on the website. Thats when it hit me "how about I look at how many of these well received books were sold by amazon.
I ran into a couple of issues during this project. Typical issues of code breaking, wifi going down etc all occuring. If I were to talk about how each part went I'd say that loading and cleaning the data was easy as I'd be well used to that by now. Web-Scraping was difficult and as I stated in the word document uploaded I did need to use AI to build me a working model. Other than that I had little to none issues with mainly keys being labelled wrong causing me minor setbacks.
The data had a 52.93% match which was great to see as it meant I didnt have to find another website and waste more time trying to build yet another web-scraper and repeat all the struggles I had especially with the amount of other work I have due coming up.
Overall I thought this was a very fun project that wasnt easy but wasnt too difficult either. I think that you were right to scrap the group project and intorduce this as it is a lot more helpful.
